(Yuma) Last time
on "Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL"...
Girag ambushed me.
But why would he?
I'm the leader of the Barians.
Something's going on!
So you think you'll defeat us
and steal all of our powers?
Marin? Dumon?
You have lostyour mind, Vector.
Don Thousand and I have
come to an agreement!
(sinister laughter)
The time has finally come
for you to serve your purpose:
I will consume your energies
to feed my power!
(all) Let's duel!
It's just like old times.
I destroyed you years ago,
and now I have the pleasure
of destroying you again!
Again?
I'm the one who erased
you and Nash from existence!
I'm taking all the pain
and suffering you've caused
and sending it
rocketing back to you!
This is good-bye, Vector.
♪♪ (rock and roll)
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today,
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls ♪
♪ Till the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams
will be... ♪
♪ Halfway to ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
I'm going to wipe out
all your life points
in a single turn!
Go ahead, try it!
But if I've got
even one point left,
you take the same amount
of damage I do,
and you'll be through!
Which means this will be
the second time
you have faced
annihilation at my hands!
I would not count on that.
You will pay for your betrayal.
Mark my words, Vector!
Dumon...
You couldn't be more right.
I know how to eliminate
all his life points!
But it will come
at a great cost.
What do you mean?
I activate the spell card
Distortion Crystal!
Now it's crystal clear
your chances of winning
have dropped,
because when your monster's
attack points change,
this card doubles that amount!
Next, I activate
the spell Zero Blade...
It lowers a monster's attack
points by a thousand!
A thousand points?!
Actually, your monster
loses 2,000 points!
Distortion Crystal doubles
Zero Blade's effect!
I know it's getting chilly,
but is the cold already
putting your brain on ice?
Clever girl...
More than you think,
because I activate
Ragnafinity's special ability!
By using one
Chaos Overlay Unit,
you take damage equal to
the amount of attack points
your monster lost!
What?!
Boost Blade Blitz!
Aah...!
(grunting)
I admit,
for a fraction of a second
I was nearly worried...
But I have more than enough
life points left
to survive your next attack!
Don't be so sure.
(growling)
Zero Blade lets
Ragnafinity attack twice!
Fitting, since I owe you
two times the payback!
No!
You tried to destroy me
and my brother Nash,
so it's perfect that this
punishment comes as a pair!
Ragnafinity, attack
Manipulator of Souls!
Yah...!
Even if Manipulator of Souls
can't be destroyed
when it's equipped
with a Number...
you still take damage.
That's why this next attack
means you're finished!
Goodbye forever, Vector!
(groaning)
Ragnafinity... attack!
Aah...!
I activate Damage Pot!
I'm afraid this trap will be
canceling your victory.
It sucked up all the damage!
Very good, Dumon!
But also very bad, for you.
You failed to get rid of
all my life points, Marin!
So Don Thousand's Throne
fixes me up as good as new!
(groaning)
(laughing)
That's just the pick-me-up
I need to put you down.
It's time I end this farce!
When I activate Manipulator
of Souls's special ability,
not only will it gain
attack points
but you'll lose the same number
of life points I regained!
I lost 3300 points.
And even you
don't need a calculator
to figure out
that's more than 500!
(growling)
(laughing)
Manipulator of Souls,
finish her!
Vector, stop!
Think, you senseless fool!
Ragnafinity'sspecial ability
will deal us damage, too!
I know that.
But I have 4,000
life points now.
I can afford to lose
3300 points.
Is that so, or has your
feeblemind forgotten about
Marin's spellDistortion Crystal?
Oh, you're right!
It'll double the damage I take
from 3300 to 6600 points!
I cannot do that!
Come on, Vector,
let's see what you've got!
(growling)
You're not doubting your own
brilliance, are you?
Do you need a moment?
What about you?
If I use Manipulator of Souls's
special ability,
you are no more!
Don't you think I know that?
Huh?!
Just as I thought!
You are willing
to sacrifice yourself.
If that's what it takes
to get rid of Vector, yes!
Huh? In that case, I won't use
the special ability!
I always knew
you were a coward.
How dare you speak to me
that way, you worthless insect?
You don't command
any respect, unlike Nash.
(growling)
Is that so?
Speaking of your dear,
beloved brother...
Why don't I show you how
the good fellow is doing?
You didn't have
the itsy-bitsiest clue
that I already caught him!
(gasping)
Nash!
It seems your glorious leader
has seen better days.
Release him,
you treacherous fiend!
No, I think not.
I rather like him this way.
Bound and beaten is a good look
for him, don't you agree?
(both gasping)
Because every time
I get my life points back,
I get my energy by stealing his!
(gasping)
You have been drawing
your power from Nash?
Don't act so surprised!
My life points have to come
from somewhere, don't they?
It just so happens I'm taking
them from your little buddy!
(laughing)
In other words,
the more you hurt me,
the more you hurt him!
(laughing)
♪♪
(Girag) Well, well, well!
If it ain't my old pal Alito.
I can't believe
you betrayed Don Thousand
to team up with Yuma.
But I can believe
I'm gonna take you out!
No, Girag...
Don Thousand's the enemy,
not us!
Yuma's right!
Don Thousand changed
your memories of the past
so he could control you
in the present!
He's playing with your mind!
I don't buy it!
You're the ones who are
trying to mess with my head!
Bad move, you twerps!
'Cause now you went
and got me mad!
So I'm gonna
put the hurt on you!
Snap out of it!
It's no use.
There's only one way to have him
come back to his senses.
To do to him
what you did to me.
Agreed, we must defeat
Don Thousand's Number...
Yuma and I will use
the Mythyrian Number
we won from Girag
to free him.
No.
I'm the one who's gonna duel.
(all gasping)
But you've lost
your Barian powers!
I know.
I can no longer play
my strongest Number Card
ever since you released me
of Don Thousand's control.
Thing is, that doesn't matter.
I have to do this for Girag.
He's my best friend.
I can't leave him prisoner
to Don Thousand's power.
(Girag snickers)
I understand.
Well then, you're gonna
need this, Alito.
Beat Girag with this Number.
It'll free him of Don Thousand.
I won't let you down, Yuma.
We know it.
We're behind you
every step of the way.
Okay!
Girag!
It's time to duel!
That's what I've been
waitin' for, you traitor!
You're through!
(roaring)
Oh, yeah?
I wouldn't be
so sure of that, Girag!
Hah!
♪♪
(both) Let's duel!
Ring the bell so that I
can ring your bell!
Come on out,
Battlin' Boxer Big Bandage!
I place two cards face down...
and end my turn!
I'm not impressed!
This'll be easier
than I thought!
Are you saying that our attacks
have been hurting Nash
all this time?
No!
(sobbing) Marin!
(growling)
You vicious maniac!
(laughing)
You must admit,
I'm an inventive vicious maniac!
Inventive?
More like sick and depraved!
Your madness ends now!
Hmm...
I activate Rank-Up-Magic
The Seventh One!
That allows me to rebuild
the Overlay Network
with Number 102:
Star Seraph Sentry!
Chaos Xyz Evolution!
I summon...
Chaos Number 102,
Archfiend Seraph!
You will not drain any more
life points from Nash!
If the only way to break
this cruel cycle
is to defeat you in one turn,
then defeat you I shall!
Do it.
I activate the spell
Celestial Rage
from my graveyard!
By banishing it,
Archfiend Seraph gains
2,000 attack points.
Clearly you must struggle
with mathematics,
because that's not enough
attack points to defeat me!
Perhaps not yet,
but I activate Archfiend
Seraph's special ability!
By using one Chaos Overlay
Unit, your monster loses
all its attack points
and special abilities!
What?!
It means when
Archfiend Seraph attacks,
you will take
4900 points of damage!
Your life points will be
gone in one strike.
But if it makes you
feel any better,
I will be going out with
a bang right along with you!
What are you saying?
That due to
Celestial Rage's effect,
I'll take the same
amount of damage as you.
Dumon!
You're willing to sacrifice
yourself to defeat me?
Archfiend Seraph,
attack Manipulator of Souls
and finish this
once and for all!
Play your trap, fool!
Oh! I activate the trap
Evil 1!
It prevents my monster
from being destroyed,
but that's not all!
No matter how much damage
you deal me, I'm still left
with one life point!
Aah...!
Dumon!
(grunting)
(groaning)
That was close, Dumon.
Good thing I'm a far better
duelist than you are.
(groaning)
Amateur!
Now if you're done trying to
outsmart a real duelist,
finish your turn!
I end my turn.
Archfiend Seraph's
attack points
return to normal.
Shame, shame, shame!
Look at what you've done!
Your monster's attack points
may have gone down,
but thanks to Nash, my life
points are going back up!
No!
Nash!
Could you bring the screaming
down to a whisper?
Some of us
are trying to win here.
Vector, enough
with your foolishness!
Without our trap card,
you would have lost!
But I didn't lose, did I?
I know what I'm doing.
Do not worry.
Our victory is moments away!
♪♪
You already have your hands full
with Giant Red Hand,
but I'm also summoning
Fire Hand to heat things up!
(grunting)
And it also lets me
summon Prominence Hand
so I can tighten my grip
on this duel!
(grunting)
Now for my favorite part!
I overlay Level 4 Fire Hand
and Prominence Hand!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon!
Let's set the duel on fire!
Number 58: Burner Visor!
I sense Don Thousand's power
emanating from that Number.
So Don Thousand created it too?
Yes.
When Alito faced one
of Don Thousand's Numbers
his chances were grim.
Taking on two is unthinkable!
And Burner Visor uses
all its Overlay Units
so that it can equip
onto Giant Red Hand!
This allows Giant Red Hand
to attack you directly, Alito!
Giant Red Hand,
let's knuckle down on this fool.
(Yuma gasps)
Prepare for a pummeling!
Dumon! Marin!
I'm afraid your time is up!
I send the trap Evil 1
to the graveyard
to activate its effect:
I won't be able to battle
this turn,
but it will be well worth it.
(both gasp)
Why?
Because now I get to destroy
any card on the field!
(laughing)
Curious which card I'll pick?
I won't keep you in suspense!
I'll destroy... Damage Pot!
But that's your own card!
Quite right!
But when it leaves
the field, the pot breaks
and spills all the damage
it sucked up earlier,
meaning we each take
1300 points of damage!
That's more
than you have, Dumon,
and more than you have
as well, Marin!
So, you don't survive,
but I do!
(laughing)
It's "bye-bye" time, kiddies!
There must be something
I can do!
(groaning)
Marin...
I activate the trap
Sacred Shield!
It cleans up the mess you made
by absorbing all the damage
your trap card released!
No!
Oh, yes.
And it gives Ragnafinity
all the points we would have
taken as damage.
So this means
Ragnafinity gains
3900 attack points!
(growling)
Now it has 6700
attack points....
Dumon... you're brilliant!
This makes Ragnafinity
powerful enough
to defeat Vector!
We'll win!
Dumon?
Not "we", Marin... you.
What do you mean?
Sacred Shield
has one final effect.
I must take all the damage
that it absorbed
at the end of this turn.
That means you'll lose!
(laughing)
I thought
we could beat him together,
but unfortunately,
it was not to be.
You must defeat him
on your own.
Oh!
You and Nash meant more
to me than anything, Marin.
Good times or bad,
I cherish every moment
we spent together.
I wish there
could have been more.
Marin, I am counting on you!
I end my turn.
Dumon!
Goodbye, Marin and Nash...
It was a great honor to fight
by your side, my friends.
Dumon!
Giant Red Hand,
annihilate Alito!
Aah!
No! Alito!
(groaning)
(all gasping)
Is that all you've got, Girag?
(laughing)
I'm just getting started,
you little punk!
If I send a card
to the graveyard,
Burner Visor deals you
500 more points of damage!
(grunts)
This is trouble!
Hang in there!
Aah...!
If you liked that...
Have another!
Aah...!
Good news!
This last card will put you
out of your misery!
Toodle-oo, chump!
You haven't beaten me yet!
I activate the trap
Hyper Burning!
Know what it does, Girag?
My life points
are halved... (grunts)
but it blocks all your damage.
Huh?!
Face it, Girag.
You can't beat me.
Not when I'm this fired up!
Aah!
(grunting)
♪♪
Even without his Barian powers,
his spirit is invincible.
Attaboy, Alito!
Take him down for the count!
You're through!
Aah!
Thank you, Dumon.
I will always keep you
within my heart.
Nash and I
will never forget you.
I'll make sure your
hard work was not in vain!
You will pay, Vector!
Wha... aah...!
Thanks to Dumon, Ragnafinity
has 6700 attack points!
Your monster has none.
Your monster can't use
its special abilities, either.
Wha...?!
I think you know what
that means, don't you?
That there's nothing
you can do to stop this...
Ragnafinity,
attack Manipulator of Souls!
In the blink of an eye,
you're going to be
just a bad memory!
Aah!
I did it, Dumon.
I won.
I will never forget
that it would not have happened
without you, my friend.
(laughing) Huh?
(laughing wildly)
♪♪